1. Be consistent 
2. Never stay down 
3. Enjoy what you do , may be obsess over it 
4. Honest and a little self critical 

1. Create a TODO list
2. Dont take break 
3.
    a. stay hydrated
    b. keep your eyes hydrated
    c. push ups every 2 hrs
4. Instead of having social media breaks , listen to tech podcasts , look at a new project
5. Leave time for learning new things 
    a. Pick challenging tasks 
    b. do everything yourself 
6. stack your meetings 
7. Less show off on a day to day basis
    a. create a brag document 
    b. go extra hard during the appraisal time 

1. It is important to understand all the things on a basic level 
2. Problem Solving and never give up attitude , ability to research docs , knowing when to get help 
3. Understanding when to do dig deeper and do DFS / BFS or use greedy approach 
4. Apply to a lot of companies , build a lot of projects and learn to iterate quicker 
5. You have to actively push the thought away that you need to learn some complex thing to solve the problem that you are stuck on 
6. A lot of the times you will put in effort but it will not pan out 
7. Adjust your strategy according to your current situation 
8. How to get to know the open source repo and company , look at open source repos that are getting problem 
9. CAR framework to ask for help 
10. Ask yourself what is your unique advantage 
11. For a problem you have to find the path of least resistance 
12. There will be times when for 3-4 days no progress will be there , but you push yourself 
13. Build network on twitter , by getting into the discord server , have a peer group that you feel like you have a lot to learn from 
14. Being consistent is super critical 
15. It helps to be inspired by what other people do , but strict comparisons are not good since you are in a different situation 
16. Curating your social media feed 
17. Think about what open source repo you can use 
18. Thinking yourself how to solve a problem ,Use reference to know what you are building  , if you dont have a clear choice take a decsion , action and iteration introduce clarity ,


1. Pareto Principle
2. Priority Matrix 
3. Eisenhowers law 

1. Invert always invert 
2. Multi order thinking 
3. lollapalooza 


