1. Create a morning Todo list 
2. Work for 2-3 hours and in long stretches and then probably take a longer break
3. Stay hydrated , keep your eyes well hydrated , take your multi vitamins , do your workout , sleep well 
4. Dont really look at social media , look at the general industry trends , tech and business podcast
5. Take time out for personal learning (pick out challenging tasks in the company or if that is not possible build your own projects)
6. Stack your meetings together
7. Usually be more productive and less show off 
8. Keep track of how you are progressing 

1.Have the spirit of an enthusiastic coder(make great product) , employee(which has a bit of fear and values his time ), A product manager(make deliverable) , entrepreneur make , money 

ALCHEMY
A - Action
L - Learning (Reading books / talking to people)
C - Confidence
H - Humble
E - Enthusiasm through difficulty 
M - Magestic Dreams (Big dreams)
Y - Positive sum mindset/games

In order to learn anything 
    - Have a goal (it helps if it is a financial )
    - Learning before earning 
    - Questions Driven development -> Contact someone who is working in that field , what is the tech stack , could you break the work into the project
        , could you please break down the into modules that are upto 100 lines of Confidence
    - Dont get stuck in tutorial hell
    - Look to build real world projects
    - Build good network 
    - 

Lessons
1. Abundance sum mindset
2. Always be with very smart people / be the most less smart people
3. Choose to stay in tech , instead of going to a 
4. Rediscover yourself , everything 3 to 4 years

Roadmap.sh -> great websites to learn , how to build your skills
https://github.com/darius-khll/golang-developer-roadmap/blob/master/golang-developer-roadmap.png
https://github.com/tmrts/go-patterns
https://systemdesign.one/



Make ambitious projects to learn -> that is projects that make money how to make money 


Manage people 
1. Possesses a servant leader mindset that prioritizes the growth and well-being of team members, empowering them to perform at their best and creating a culture of trust, collaboration, and accountability
2. There needs to be a truth seeking culture , running meetings by letting the juniors expressing their opinion first so that their opinion is not modified , also a manager cannot reject an idea , if that idea is backed by a white paper and publically discussing it , if you have your colleague have discussed an idea , you can oppose him inside the room and not really outside the room , if you have assiciated with great people , you will let them take that call , but listen to your gut also . Also when people come to a meeting you give them time to think about it 
3. Always work with A people  
4. The best strategy is to do only few things as a startup (Remove a lot , if you dont need to add 10% )
5. Dont immediately say yes as to what you are trying to do (only ship feature when the core features are working pretty fast )
6. Why can't you do it today, bring in that sense of urgency , is the it(idea , action) in the context of our mission 
7. You want to be customer obsessed 
8. When you are talking with other team members be empathetic , collaborative and ask proper timelines from them and also keep on giving 
    minutes of the meeting 







